CODE OF ETHICS

1 Objective
To establish guidelines in order that employees can avoid situations, which
do, or may, involve a conflict between their personal interests and the
interests of the company.

2 Scope
2.1" The code of ethics is uniformly applicable to all employees across the
organisation irrespective of their level or location.

3 Policy
3.1 It is the responsibility of each employee to recognise and avoid all situations
involving conflicts of interest.
3.2 The following activities are regarded as examples of typical conflict of
interest, and a violation of company's code of ethics.
3.2.r Holding company property outside the work place without prior
approval by management {i.e. policy books, prints, program manual
texts etc.)
3.2.2 Engaging in activities, advising or working with or for a competitor /
supplier by an employee.
3.2.3 An ownership of financial interest held by an employee or his / her
family in business, which is a competitor, customer or supplier.
(Financial interests in publicly held corporations which do not
influence business dealings are not considered a conflict of interest)
3.2.4 Acceptance of gifts, entertainment or other favours by an employee
or members of his family from present or prospective competitors,
customers or suppliers.
3.2.5 Sharing sensitive company information with unauthorised outsiders,
either during the period of ennployment or thereafter.
3.3 No employee shall acquire any patent rights in relation to any
products/goods manufactured by the company.
No employee shall participate in media broadcast or communication with the
press in order that he does not reveal business / technical information of 
3.4 company which he has not been authorised to disclose
3.5 No employee shall accept any pecuniary advantages for any work done by
him for any public body / private organisation without the written permission
of the management.
3.6 No employee shall accept gifts from any supplier, contractor, customer or
from any person / organisation with whom the company has business
dealings. However, it excludes corporate gifts accepted at the time of New
Year / or as seasonal gifts. The value of such gifts should not exceed Rs. 2000.
3.7 No employee shall engage in any trade / business or constancy during the
course of his employment with the company.
3.8 Acts of misconduct have been laid out in the 'Standing Orders' of the
Company. All employees have to follow the rules mentioned in the Standing
Orders and assist each other in creating conditions, which are favourable to
the attainment of industrial harmony.
3.8.1 Wilful insubordination or disobedience of any lawful and reasonable
order of a superior.
3.8.2 Going on an illegal strike or abetting, inciting, instigating or acting in
furtherance thereof.
3.8.3 Wilful slowing down in performance of work or abetment of
instigation thereof.
3.8.4 Thefts, fraud ordishonesty in connection with the employer's business
3.8.5 Demanding / accepting bribes or any illegal gratification
3.8.6 Habitual absence without leave, or absence without leave for more
than 8 consecutive days without satisfactory explanation.
3.8.7 Habitual late attendance
3.9 No employee shall either be associated with or be a member of any political
party or demonstration.
3.10 Every employee shall abide by the laws of the land and behave in a manner,
which will not violate any accepted norms of public decency or morals or
bring a bad name to the company.
3.11 Any employee convicted by the court of law or arrested on any charge must
report the facts to the management.
3.12 No employee shall attempt to bring political, government or outside pressure
to bear on the management to further his interests in matters connected to
his employment in the company.
3.13 An employee shall return all company property entrusted to him in good
condition on his separation.
3.14 No employee shall leave the station of posting without prior pernrission r:f
department head, be it on a working day or a holiday.
3.15 Any act on the part of employee leading to omissions and commissions
constituting misconduct will be liable for disciplinary action as per the
provisions laid down in the 'Standing Orders'of the company.

